From the second story porch, we watched the neighbor's children play
tag. This provided an excellent vantage point to observe, act
contemplative and introspective, and journal about later in a public
place like Starbucks so that strangers will think I'm doing
interesting things and I won't have to work alone. We watched and
drank and started to wonder what made one thirteen year old boy chase
one another thriteen year old girl. Was it purely proximity, did he
think she had nice eyes, or was it a physical display of dominance, "I
am faster and stronger then you, have my children." He slaps her on
the neck and the baton is passed.

Now this girl, the fast girl is the hunter and we watch as she seeks
and destroys her timid friend, who by the looks of her probably plays
the ukilele and can uni-cycle forwards and backwards and won't realize
until she's much older how fucking cool she is and that only average
bitches wear ugz to the library.

The hunt ends, the shy girl gets tired and succumbs. She is "it." She
contemplates her next move. She eyes the alpha male, she could bring
him down but at what cost and socialy, at what gain? Her eyes wander
in between the nervous muscles of the 8-10 year olds, not stopping as
she's not one to pass the buck. She selects the second largest male,
the alphas cohort. He flees establishing his speed, she tires but
perseveres. He too has competed in a system rigged for others and he
too has lost. She closes, he smiles and for a second they interact,
the kind of interaction that is niether primal and assertive, no
stakes were claimed, nor scripted and stiff, but the honest
understanding of two people who don't want to be cheif. The rightful
cheifs, the cheifs of exception, exception to the rule. She then spit
in his hair and punched him in the nose, and the beer ran out and the
illusion dissolved.